[16.0][MIG] stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty (#1567)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty/readme/CONFIGURE.md

To configure this module, you need to:

> #. Go to a _Inventory > Master Data > Products_. #. Set 'auto create lot'option and set
> 'create lot every' count of uoms for the products you need.
> 
> Go the Settings / Inventory / Stock Serial Lot
> 
> Press --> Sequnces button to create/configure your lot sequence for a company in 'ir.sequnce' module.
> The default sequence is 'stock.lot.serial'.
> Once a sequence is created/updated select the stock lot sequence for the current company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory > Master Data > Products*, select a product. 
#. Set 'Auto create lot' option, and set 'Create lot every' count of UoMs for the products you need.
#. Go the *Settings > Inventory > Stock Serial Lot*.
#. Press --> Sequences button to create/configure your lot sequence for a
company in 'ir.sequence' module. The default sequence is 'stock.lot.serial'. 
#. Once a sequence is created/updated select the stock lot sequence for the current company.
```
